# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

This week was tough. We got introduced to some new tools. Postman, auth0 and mongo db. I had a few issues with auth0 but was able to get it working eventually. Going into the hackathon I was nervous about whether or not our team would be able to put together a functioning website in one day. Once we got started with a solid plan on what we needed to do I got the feeling we were totally going to pull this off. The back-end turned out to be the easiest part. Before we took a break for lunch the server side was ready to go. We had all of our hickups working on the front-end. Once we started to all work on the front-end we had to coordinate wich files we were changing so that we would not have to work through a bunch of merge conflicts. It felt like we hit a wall towards the end of the day when we were trying to fix the functionallity of the comments. We were all tired and moral was low but with the help of Justin and Mick we ended the night with a functioning webpage.